Grids: update focusedRowEnabled (#7343)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/GridBase/1 Configuration/focusedRowEnabled.md

id: GridBase.Options.focusedRowEnabled
type: Boolean
default: false
firedEvents: focusedRowChanging, focusedRowChanged
---
---
##### shortDescription
Specifies whether the focused row feature is enabled.

---

> The component relies on either the key ([focusedRowKey](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/GridBase/1%20Configuration/focusedRowKey.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/#focusedRowKey')) or index ([focusedRowIndex](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/GridBase/1%20Configuration/focusedRowIndex.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/#focusedRowIndex')) of the focused row to maintain focus. Specify a key to ensure the focused row feature works reliably, as row indexes can change due to filtering or sorting operations. Utilize [keyExpr]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/#keyExpr) or the **key** property of the component's [store](/Documentation/Guide/Data_Binding/Data_Layer/#Creating_DataSource/What_Are_Stores).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The component relies on the key ([focusedRowKey](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/GridBase/1%20Configuration/focusedRowKey.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/#focusedRowKey')) or index ([focusedRowIndex](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/GridBase/1%20Configuration/focusedRowIndex.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/#focusedRowIndex')) of the focused row to maintain focus. Specify the key to ensure the focused row feature works correctly, as row indexes can change due to filtering or sorting operations. Utilize [keyExpr]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/#keyExpr) or the **key** property of the component's [store](/Documentation/Guide/Data_Binding/Data_Layer/#Creating_DataSource/What_Are_Stores).
```
